The command empties the shell variable. (#30702)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/manage-kubernetes-objects/kustomization.md

```shell
# Create a deployment.yaml file

> cat <<\EOF > deployment.yaml

Reviewer: See https://deploy-preview-30702--kubernetes-io-main-staging.netlify.app/docs/tasks/manage-kubernetes-objects/kustomization/ for a preview. The page includes several examples that use HERE documents.

> cat <<\EOF > deployment.yaml

Author: It doesn't matter if the HERE document doesn't have an environment variable as a literal, like `$(MY_SERVICE_NAME)`.

> # Create a deployment.yaml file
> cat <<\EOF > deployment.yaml

Reviewer: Ah.
Try this, it's more conventional, and the comment should explain why the quoting is there.
```suggestion
# Create a deployment.yaml file (quoting the here doc delimiter)
cat <<'EOF' > deployment.yaml
```

Author: Thank you. This fix is ​​fine.
